Introduce getJavaClass() and getJavaMethod() in MethodSource (#2320)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.7.0-M2.adoc

* Support `FilePosition` in `FileSelector` and `ClasspathResourceSelector`.
* Custom `PostDiscoveryFilter` implementations can now be registered via Java’s
  `ServiceLoader` mechanism.

> * New `getJavaClass` and `getJavaMethod` methods in class `MethodSource`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `getJavaClass()` and `getJavaMethod()` methods in
   `org.junit.platform.engine.support.descriptor.MethodSource`.
```
